If your hardware design was originally based on the HPS Legacy System Example Design 1.0, and you want to migrate it to  be used with HPS Baseline System Example Design 2.0, you must ensure that the **JTAG user code** parameter gets defined  with a value of 0 or not defined (FFFFFFFF). This parameter can be found in Quartus Pro from the **Assignments** >> **Device** >> **Device and Pin Options** >> **General** menu. Alternatively, this parameter can also be defined in the **.qsf** file  in your Quartus project directory as **STRATIX_JTAG_USER_CODE**, so you can set this parameter to 0 or just delete the assignment line. This change is needed because in the HPS Legacy System Example Design 1.0, this parameter is used to indicate to U-Boot which configuration components (kernel image, device tree and 2nd phase fabric design) need to be loaded from the kernel.itb binary. The most relevant configurations supported in HPS Legacy System Example Design 1.0 were  for booting from OOO daughter card, booting from eMMC/NAND daughter card and exercise Partial Reconfiguration. In each one of these configurations a specific value in the **JTAG user code**/**STRATIX_JTAG_USER_CODE** was used. In the case of HPS Baseline System Example Design 2.0, the valid value for this parameter are:

* 0:  Load kernel image, device tree and 2nd phase fabric design from kernel.itb. FPGA is configured.
* 1: Load kernel image and device tree from kernel.itb. FPGA is not configured. Used for debug purposes.
* FFFFFFFF or undefined: U-Boot assumes that the parameter is 0 and performs the actions described above.

For any other value, U-Boot will fail to load a valid set of Linux components and 2nd phase fabric design. 